README.md, before:

# ![MeshLab Logo](src/meshlab/images/eye64.png) MeshLab

[![Build Status](https://travis-ci.org/cnr-isti-vclab/meshlab.svg?branch=master)](https://travis-ci.org/cnr-isti-vclab/meshlab)
[![Build status](https://ci.appveyor.com/api/projects/status/bdxm2m4n5ud7vm47?svg=true)](https://ci.appveyor.com/project/cignoni/meshlab)

[![Actions Status](https://github.com/cnr-isti-vclab/meshlab/workflows/CompileUbuntu/badge.svg)](https://github.com/cnr-isti-vclab/meshlab/actions)
[![Actions Status](https://github.com/cnr-isti-vclab/meshlab/workflows/CompileMacOS/badge.svg)](https://github.com/cnr-isti-vclab/meshlab/actions)
[![Actions Status](https://github.com/cnr-isti-vclab/meshlab/workflows/CompileWindows/badge.svg)](https://github.com/cnr-isti-vclab/meshlab/actions)

This is the official repository for the sources and the binaries of MeshLab. 

MeshLab is an open source, portable, and extensible system for the processing and editing of unstructured large 3D triangular meshes. The source is released under the GPL license.
The system is aimed to help the processing of the typical not-so-small unstructured models arising in 3D scanning, providing a set of tools for editing, cleaning, healing, inspecting, rendering and converting this kind of meshes. 

MeshLab is mostly based on the open source C++ mesh processing library [VCGlib](http://www.vcglib.net) developed at the [Visual Computing Lab](http://vcg.isti.cnr.it) of [ISTI - CNR](http://www.isti.cnr.it) for all the core mesh processing tasks, and it is available for Windows, MacOSX, and Linux. 

Compiling instructions can be found in the [src](https://github.com/cnr-isti-vclab/meshlab/tree/master/src) folder or simply looking at the continous integration setup on [Github Actions](https://github.com/cnr-isti-vclab/meshlab/actions), [travis](https://travis-ci.org/cnr-isti-vclab/meshlab/builds) and [appveyor](https://ci.appveyor.com/project/cignoni/meshlab/history).

Commit message:

Mention the humble relative, meshlabserver

README.md, after:

# ![MeshLab Logo](src/meshlab/images/eye64.png) MeshLab

[![Build Status](https://travis-ci.org/cnr-isti-vclab/meshlab.svg?branch=master)](https://travis-ci.org/cnr-isti-vclab/meshlab)
[![Build status](https://ci.appveyor.com/api/projects/status/bdxm2m4n5ud7vm47?svg=true)](https://ci.appveyor.com/project/cignoni/meshlab)

[![Actions Status](https://github.com/cnr-isti-vclab/meshlab/workflows/CompileUbuntu/badge.svg)](https://github.com/cnr-isti-vclab/meshlab/actions)
[![Actions Status](https://github.com/cnr-isti-vclab/meshlab/workflows/CompileMacOS/badge.svg)](https://github.com/cnr-isti-vclab/meshlab/actions)
[![Actions Status](https://github.com/cnr-isti-vclab/meshlab/workflows/CompileWindows/badge.svg)](https://github.com/cnr-isti-vclab/meshlab/actions)

This is the official repository for the sources and the binaries of MeshLab. 

MeshLab is an open source, portable, and extensible system for the processing and editing of unstructured large 3D triangular meshes. The source is released under the GPL license. The system is aimed to help the processing of the typical not-so-small unstructured models arising in 3D scanning, providing a set of tools for editing, cleaning, healing, inspecting, rendering and converting this kind of meshes. These tools include MeshLab proper, a versatile program with a graphical user interface, and [meshlabserver](https://github.com/cnr-isti-vclab/meshlab/blob/master/src/meshlabserver/meshlabserver.txt), a program that can perform mesh processing tasks in batch mode, without a GUI. 

MeshLab is mostly based on the open source C++ mesh processing library [VCGlib](http://www.vcglib.net) developed at the [Visual Computing Lab](http://vcg.isti.cnr.it) of [ISTI - CNR](http://www.isti.cnr.it) for all the core mesh processing tasks, and it is available for Windows, MacOSX, and Linux. 

Compiling instructions can be found in the [src](https://github.com/cnr-isti-vclab/meshlab/tree/master/src) folder or simply looking at the continous integration setup on [Github Actions](https://github.com/cnr-isti-vclab/meshlab/actions), [travis](https://travis-ci.org/cnr-isti-vclab/meshlab/builds) and [appveyor](https://ci.appveyor.com/project/cignoni/meshlab/history).
